W-11862525-first-draft-for-beta-site-build-CP (#114)
mulesoft/docs-apikit: modules/ROOT/pages/apikit-4-soap-project-task.adoc

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

Create a new Mule project based on a SOAP API specification.

Before proceeding, ensure that you meet the xref:apikit-4-soap-prerequisites-task.adoc[prerequisites for using APIkit for SOAP].

. In Anypoint Studio, from *File*, select *New* > *Mule Project*.
+

> image::create-new-mule-project-soap.png["New Mule project window highlighting the project-name field, the runtime engine, the from design center or local files tab, and the expand icon for browsing files"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::create-new-mule-project-soap.png["New Mule project window that highlights the project-name field, runtime engine, *From design center or local files* tab, and expand icon for browsing files"]
```

Reviewer: Are the "from design center" and "local files" tabs tab names? if so put them in bold. Did you mean to say "from design center"?

Reviewer: The capitalization of the tab names here doesn't match the next occurrence.

Author: OK! Thanks!

[calloutlist]
. In *Project Name*, enter a name for the project. +
For example, `soap-implementation`.
. Select the Mule runtime engine version. +
For example, `Mule Server 4.2.2 EE`.
. In *API Specification*, select *From Design Center or Local Files*.
. Select *Browse files* from the *More actions* menu.

[start=2]
. Select a service and port. For this example, accept the default values, `TshirtService` and `TshirtServicePort`.
+

> image::create-apikit-soap-project.png["API specification window highlighting the service and the port from the menu"]

Reviewer: global - highlighting > that highlights
containing > that contains

Using gerunds in this way is not as clear. It can be ambiguous.

Author: OK! Thanks!
